Downloaded from
YTS.MX
[theme music plays]
♪ ♪
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
♪ ♪
[upbeat jazz music plays]
Alright. first rule of
stage photography.
Do not leave the flash on.
Good.
Second rule of stage photography?
Oh. sorry.
Definitely don't leave
the flash on.
Excuse me. but you can't
be back here.
Oh. it's ok. We have
one of these.
Oh. Allie. It's me.
Kenny Kwan.
Kenny!
What're you doing here?
Yeah. I thought you were a DJ?
Nah. I gave that up after
the Davis Cole wedding.
The one where the groom
was murdered?
I decided forget the whole
wedding business.
Too dangerous.
So uh. what brings you
back here?
You getting some
back stage shots?
I already did that.
I'm here for my friend Maya.
Not every day she's cast
in a Neil Kahn play.
Am I the only one who doesn't
know who that is?
"Murder By Numbers"?
"Death at the Vicarage"?
He was one of the most
successful mystery playwrights
of the decade.
I'm sorry. was?
Well. he kinda dropped off
the map.
He's staging his new one here
to test it out
before they take it to Broadway.
This is his big return.
I gotta go.
This could be Maya's big break.
She's maid No. 3.
Noah. there are no small parts.
No. 3. Allie.
No. 3.
I'm sorry. I've forgotten.
I'm late for an appointment.
I'm sorry. I've forgotten!
I'm late for an appointment!
Allie: Hello!
Ah. so glad you're here.
I need your opinion.
Ok. so. at the end
of the first act.
when my character discovers
the governess murdered
in the parlour...
Woah. Spoiler alert.
She ruined the surprise.
It's in the title. Noah.
The stage direction calls
for me to scream.
but I just-I feel like a more
honest reaction
would be something subtle.
you know. like...
You know. isn't this something
you should be running
by the director?
I tried but he's been really
distracted lately
and it's important that I get
this right
because a theatre critic
from the New York Times
will be in the audience tonight.
What's he doing in Willow Haven?
Apparently. he was
a big supporter
of Neil's earlier plays.
And I'm hoping he'll become
a big supporter of me. too.
Can you help me run lines
while I finish my makeup?
Yeah. sure.
- Ok. bye.
- Bye.
So...
Excuse me.
You were supposed to be
here an hour ago!
Everyone is panicked!
Neil has Laura in costume!
Someone slashed my tires.
What? Did you call the police?
No time. Where is Neil?
I don't know.
Aaah!
Are you sure you've memorized
the changes to that final scene?
Yes. Neil. I memorized them.
Because the changes were subtle
but they're absolutely crucial.
Oh. my gosh. Neil.
I said I memorized them.
I read them like a dozen times.
Ow! Sara! You did that
on purpose.
I'm so sorry I'm late.
Cassandra.
Car trouble.
It's ok. it's ok.
The most important thing is
that you're here now.
We're gonna have to hold
the curtain.
Wait. what?
You can't really be
considering that.
The show is about to start.
She's not even dressed.
Can you be ready in 10 minutes?
I can be ready in five.
That's my star.
- Ok. go. go. go. go.
- Ok.
[door opens]
I have to find Kenny.
That's showbiz.
Cassandra!
We missed you at the cast
party last night.
Yeah. uh. something came up.
Well. I was hoping to have
a moment alone.
I'd like to talk to you about...
Mr. Kahn. it's almost
curtain time.
See me before you go on. please.
No!
Are you ok?
[crying] Yeah. sorry. uh...
I just spilled coffee.
I'm such a klutz.
Are you sure you're ok?
Just uh. just a little
pre-show jitters.
I have to go to
the costume room.
Excuse me.
Sorry.
Hi.
Hey.
Are you ready?
Oh. I hope so.
Maya: Oh. the Times critic.
There he is.
Maya: I'm so nervous.
One good review from him can
make or break the whole play.
Maya. you're gonna knock
his socks off.
Have you seen Cassandra?
Oh. she said she was headed
to the costume room.
What do you mean.
the spotlight is out?
Uh. could you check on her.
Allie?
We're already running late.
Please?
Yeah. of course.
Good luck.
Thanks.
[door closes]
[smash]
[applause]
Cassandra?
[In French Accent]
Hello?
Oh. Monsieur Marsh. oui.
I believe I hear him right now.
Where is Kevin?
He missed his cue.
[door opens]
Hello?
[door closes]
Uh. I said I believe
I hear him right now!
[crowd murmurs]
Where have you been?
Sorry.
Go!
Go. go. go!
Ah. Monsieur Marsh.
The phone is for you.
Thank you. Claudette.
Have Earnest bring
the motorcar around.
Cue Cassandra.
Cassandra?
I thought I told you never
to call me here.
Cue Cassandra!
Never call here again!
Where is Cassandra?
[gasps]
Strangulation?
I don't know.
It looks like she put up
a fight.
Sure does.
Good chance we'll pull some
physical evidence off the body.
Look at this.
Right here. the ligature marks.
The killer had a weapon.
Rope. maybe?
- Maybe.
- Alright.
Hey. make sure you get nice
and tight in the neck here.
Thanks.
Excuse me? You uh.
can't be back here.
Sorry. I'm just-I'm just
looking for my bag.
It has my keys and my phone.
Wait.
What's your name?
Roger. Roger Giles.
Well. Roger. I'm gonna need you
to get back on the stage
with the rest of the cast.
Well. I just...
No.
I don't believe this.
Why does this keep happening
to me?
That's a good question.
Mr. Kwan.
I saw someone.
What?
In the costume room. when I
went to go look for Cassandra.
You think it was the killer?
Maybe.
Who was it?
I don't know. I didn't get
a good look at them.
Did they get a good look at you?
I'd like to say that I'm
surprised to see you here.
but I'm not.
Hello. Detective Acosta.
Miss Adams.
Maya.
How are you guys doing?
Uh. she's been better.
She just found a dead body.
You know. how is it
that you always seem to be
in the wrong place
at the wrong time?
Well. I think it just depends
on how you look at it.
Oh? How so?
Maybe I'm just in the right
place at the right time.
Hmm.
Well. if you're up for it.
I could use your help.
I thought you'd never ask.
Ok. so... walk me through it.
You are in here looking
for Cassandra.
Uh. I was coming down the
corridor and I heard a crash
so I came inside and I called
out for Cassandra
but she didn't answer.
and that's when I noticed
the broken lamp on the floor.
So I bent down to pick it up
and then I heard footsteps
running out the door.
Which door?
That one.
Did you see who it was?
I didn't.
It all happened so fast.
Ok. Alright.
You know what?
Let's try something.
Ok.
- Um. just stand right here.
- Oh.
And close your eyes.
What? Are you serious?
Yeah.
Ok. now concentrate on my voice.
Mmmhmm.
Think back to that moment.
You're standing there. you're
holding the lamp in your hand
and you hear a sound.
Now. you turn towards the sound
and you see someone.
Who is it?
I can't tell. it's-
it's really dark.
Ok. well is it a man
or is it a woman?
I don't know.
I-I don't know.
I'm sorry.
Ok. Well. at least we tried.
Um. do you wanna show me
what else happened?
Uh-huh. Yeah.
Uh. so I walked down here and
that is where I found Cassandra.
so I ran to get help.
You left?
Yes.
That means there was
a window of time
after the murder that
the room was empty.
Uh. a few minutes. Why?
What if the killer came back?
Cassandra. she was here
because she spilled coffee
on her costume.
But it was a fluke.
She wouldn't have been
back here otherwise.
So someone found themselves
alone with her
and made a split second decision
to kill her.
Right here.
Why would the killer come back?
You see. when you don't have
time to prevent your mistakes
your focus shifts
to covering them up.
And that is when you
make more of them.
The victim. 27-year-old
Cassandra Griffin.
Any witnesses?
There's one.
Name?
Allie Adams.
The photographer?
Uh-huh.
Isn't she a friend of yours?
[chuckles] Well. you know.
we're friends.
We've met a couple times.
whatever.
Mmmhmm. Well. it is
a small town.
Anyways. uh. she didn't see much
but her statement gives us
a pretty firm time of death.
which should help us narrow down
anybody with opportunity.
Manual strangulation?
Ligature.
Left a pretty distinctive
pattern behind.
But our coroner should have
more for us soon.
Ok. Anything else?
You know. our victim had
no restraining orders.
no open cases.
but her tires had been slashed
the night of the murder.
I want updates as they come.
Yes. ma'am.
Go.
Ok.
Are you sure she was crying?
She tried to play it off
when I interrupted
but she seemed pretty upset.
And 10 minutes later she's dead.
Hardly coincidental.
How's Maya?
Pretty shaken up.
They worked on that play
for months.
The cast got pretty close.
Well. my mom's friend is a grief
counsellor. great listener.
It could help.
Yeah.
I don't think Maya's ready
to talk to anyone just yet.
A brush with death
changes a person.
But I knew I had to be strong.
I mean. for the sake of
the cast and crew. you know?
I could sense they were all
looking to me for guidance.
Right. Yeah.
Um. well. can you describe what
you saw in the costume room?
Uh. well Cassandra's neck
had these weird marks.
like-like in a pattern.
Allie could tell you more.
She's the one who found the body...
Hi. Yeah. um. actually Maya
does not recollect anything
from that evening.
Uh. I recollect just fine.
Maya. It's an active
investigation.
Daniel. will you do me a favor
and keep this off the front page
of The Gazette. please?
Yeah. I guess I could hide it
in the background for now.
Thanks.
- Thank you for your time.
- Mmmhmm.
Maya!
You know. I love the new place.
It's very you.
Thank you.
I think.
You got plans tomorrow night?
Uh. yeah. actually.
It's movie night with Maya.
Oh. um. I forgot to tell you.
I have to cancel.
Audition for a...
dog food commercial.
Ok. Uh. how about drinks
at the Ace of Clubs. 8:00?
I promise I will keep
my notebook closed.
She'd love to!
Wouldn't you. Allie?
Yeah.
Yeah. sure. Ok.
Ok. great. I will
meet you there.
You don't have an audition.
do you?
Uh. I might have one.
Ugh. Maya.
I just think it's a crime
you haven't been on a date.
like an actual date. date
since you and...
I have to work.
Over the last few months I feel
like we've become a family.
and families get through
hardships together.
As each of us attempts
to navigate the choppy seas
of grief.
Sara and I want you to know
that if there is anything.
anything at all that you need.
please don't hesitate to ask.
Yes?
What happens now?
The police will conduct
their investigation
and hopefully Cassandra's family
and friends will find closure.
Oh.
I meant with the play.
The play is postponed.
indefinitely.
Cass is dead. Laura.
Well. we're not.
I spent three months of my life
on that play.
I understand your
disappointment.
and it may have been
three months of your life.
but it was nearly two years
of mine.
It's out of our hands.
The theatre is an active
crime scene.
We have food and drinks for
everyone in the dining room.
Please feel free to stay
as long as you like.
You ok?
I'll be alright.
[sighs]
Apparently the police never
recovered her cell phone.
Really?
Mmmhmm.
Where do you think it is?
With the killer. most likely.
Have you seen Roger?
He would have a lot of nerve
showing up here.
Why is that?
Didn't you hear what happened
between him and Cassandra?
No.
Maya?
What're you doing?
You heard him.
The show's closed.
A girl's gotta eat. you know.
Wait. where are you going?
Look at all this stuff.
Remind me never to use
his interior decorator.
It's not real.
Sorry.
We don't mean to snoop.
it's just all very interesting.
Oh. no. that's quite alright.
I'm very fond of this.
It's from my first play.
"Murder By Numbers".
See? Just a prop.
That's all theatre really is.
Nothing but make believe.
Yeah.
It must have a lot
of sentimental value.
Well. for more reasons than one.
Sara and I met
on that production.
She was my costumer.
Awe.
Do they have any idea
who could have done this?
Well. if they do.
they haven't told me.
Or any of us.
With good reason. I suppose.
Are you saying the police think
it could have been one of us?
Well. the cast and crew
were the only ones
with access to the back stage.
And you. Allie
and your assistant.
Do you have any idea
what the motive could be?
I couldn't even guess.
But I do know that the only
people who had the opportunity
are right here in this house.
Allie. it must have
been frightening.
finding her like that.
Not as frightening as Allie
being five feet from the killer.
I didn't know that you had seen
someone in the costume room.
Um. I didn't really
see anything.
Oh. well. I meant what I said.
If there is anything that I can
do for either of you.
I'm here for you.
We're all in this together.
It's unsettling. isn't it?
What?
I mean. we could be standing
10 feet away
from a cold-blooded killer.
You don't think he or she would
actually show up here. do you?
Gotta keep up appearances.
[door slams]
Neil: Keep your voice down!
How could you not tell me?
How was I supposed to know
that this would happen?
That is a lot of money. Neil.
How are we supposed
to pay it back?
I said I would figure this out.
If you had just been honest with me...
Sara.
Don't do this.
Not today.
Then when?
[sighs]
Hey.
Anything back on the note?
Oh yeah. Clean.
Handwriting might give
us something.
What are these?
Props for the play.
Wow.
I guess our attacker
had a lot of choices.
Yeah. we'll send them
to the lab.
but just an eyeball test none
of them match the marks
on her neck.
[digging]
This catalogues every costume.
every accessory down
to the smallest button.
May I?
Please.
Sam: Were they all in
this room until showtime?
Uh. no. I had a hard time
keeping track of them. actually.
Where were you when
Miss Griffin returned here?
Uh. I was upstairs fixing a seam
on one of the actor's jackets
before he went on stage.
Oh.
Which actor?
- Kevin Trudeau.
Sam. take a look at this.
That's the constable's belt.
Where is it now?
Uh. I would imagine
with the actor.
They were all wearing
their costumes
when the police sent them home.
So we'll find that belt
with the constable?
You should.
He got a name?
Roger Giles.
[clock ticking loudly]
Is it normally that loud?
What?
The clock.
I hadn't noticed.
No.
It's loud.
Do you recognize this belt?
Uh. yeah. it's mine.
Oh.
Uh. no-not mine.
it's the constable's.
The constable's?
My character in the play. yeah.
Where is this belt right now?
I don't know.
Was it in your possession
when you left the theatre?
No.
They told us that all the actors
went home in their costumes.
Yeah. they did.
No. I-I wasn't in costume.
My character doesn't appear
until the second act.
You-you saw me.
I was just in a t-shirt
and jeans.
No belt?
No belt. no.
Was the costume in
your dressing room?
Oh. no. I have six lines.
I didn't-I didn't get
a dressing room.
It was with the other costumes.
Ok.
Where were you when
the play began?
With the other cast.
And can they confirm that?
Well... yeah. I think so.
You think so?
The whole night
is kind of a blur.
Yeah.
[clock ticks loudly]
[door opens]
Sara.
Hi.
I'm so sorry. did we have
an appointment?
Uh. no.
Uh. I was just hoping
to speak with you.
Uh. do you have a minute?
- Yes. yes. Please take a seat.
- Thank you.
[sighs]
This is embarrassing. uh...
I know that Neil and I agreed
to pay you
for the wonderful work
you've done on our playbill.
and we will.
I was just hoping that we could
get another month.
Yes. of course.
Thank you.
It's just... Neil took out
a second mortgage on our home
to fund the play and now
with no future performances
we have no hope of recouping
those expenses.
I am so sorry.
Did Neil not have insurance?
He did. it covered some.
but there were other debts.
You know. with a name
like Neil Kahn.
I would assume he would have
investors lined up
around the block.
I know.
His first two plays
were very well-received.
both critical and commercial
hits.
But he's never been able
to repeat that success.
His last show lost
a lot of money.
it really shook his confidence.
We were hoping that
this production
would turn that luck around.
Allie. he's talking about
walking away.
Starting fresh somewhere new.
Neil wants to leave town?
He's already spoken
to a realtor.
Doesn't that seem a little fast?
Maybe it's for the best.
Is that Roger Giles?
Oh. yes. Sorry. I was just
organizing photos.
Um. actually. I heard
from some cast members
that there was an incident
between Roger and Cassandra.
Do you know what that
may have been about?
No.
But about a week before the show
Cassandra asked Neil
to cut Roger from the play.
But he didn't.
It was too close
to opening night.
In hindsight...
that might have spared us
all this heartache.
Why is that?
You didn't hear?
The murder weapon was
Roger's belt.
[clock ticks loudly]
Can't hold him much longer.
Won't need to.
Another hour in there
and he'll talk.
But will he have anything
worthwhile to say?
He better.
Victim was choked with his belt.
We got it yet?
Working on a search warrant
for his apartment.
Ok.
Hey. Sam.
What's this?
I was following up with
a robbery from last week.
Oh. the bakery on Main?
Yeah.
Anything on the security feed?
Uh. two guys. masks.
That's the third one this month.
Yeah.
Doughnuts?
A little cliché.
don't you think?
No. these are crullers.
Delicious.
Sure.
Detective Acosta.
[sighs]
Any update on
the Griffin murder.
No comment. Excuse me.
Are you gonna be naming a person
of interest in the case. or...?
Come on. man. You gotta
give me something here.
Enjoy.
[sighs]
Right here.
Oh. perfect.
I'm gonna have these contacts
sent over to you tomorrow.
I really gotta
show you something.
Yeah.
Just give me one second.
I'll be right back.
I was printing out
the Bakers' wedding
and I found these
in the SD card.
taken the night of the murder.
I thought we gave everything
to the police.
Must have missed one.
Hey. Sam.
- Hi.
You might wanna see this.
Twenty minutes before
the murder.
That's Kevin Trudeau
with the missing belt.
You're welcome.
I already told you everything
I know.
I think you might have left out
a detail or two.
What's in your hand?
A belt.
A belt?
There's only one character
with a belt like that.
And it wasn't you.
It got mixed in with my costume.
I was taking it to Sara.
Oh. so you took it to Sara.
She'll confirm that story?
She wasn't there.
I left it next to some of
the other costumes.
Oh. she wasn't there?
A cast member noted that
you were late for a cue.
Where were you?
I was a bit nervous. I wanted
to go over my lines.
I lost track of time.
Were you running the lines
with one of the other actors?
No. Alone.
Alone.
So there's no one to corroborate
your story.
No.
So what do you think?
Twenty minutes is a big window.
He could have dropped it off.
Or he could have hung onto it.
We had to let Roger Giles walk.
The search on his apartment
came back clean.
Ok.
Oh. too bad.
[message alert]
Lucky shot.
Who's next?
Um. I could try.
It's 50.
Dollars?
Um... ok. so I just use
this stick right here?
Did I say 50?
I meant 75.
Rack 'em.
[applause]
Lucky shot.
Ok. one more.
- Hi.
Hey!
Oh. tough break.
No. you cheated.
Daniel: Hey. hey. hey.
We should go.
Daniel! No!
Did you see what he just did?
Allie...
Yes. Daniel.
What'd you see?
Well. you know what?
I'm afraid I missed it.
Let's go.
Uh. our food is getting cold.
We didn't order food.
Yeah.
[clears throat]
Do you know who that is?
Yeah. a cheater.
That's Tony Mac.
Trust me when I say you
don't wanna be on his radar.
Well. I've photographed
everyone in this town
and I have no idea
who that guy is.
Yeah. well he's not exactly
the type
that likes his picture taken.
Can I uh. get you something
to drink?
Allie?
Uh. I will have
another ginger ale.
I'm gonna have a stout.
Whatever's on tap.
You know. a lot of the cast
was at Neil's the other day
but I didn't see you there.
Yeah. well uh. I had
somewhere to be.
He flinched when he saw you.
It was subtle. but...
You knew he'd be here.
Yeah. that's why I picked
this place.
So you invited me here
for a story?
Well. not just a story.
I thought it was the perfect
excuse to see you again.
Ok. you know what. Daniel...
Neil?
What is he doing here?
There are only two reasons
you talk to Tony Mac.
To borrow money
or to place a bet.
Is this off the record?
Sure.
Neil is broke.
He sunk every penny he had
into that play.
He even had to borrow money
to finance it.
Are you sure he got that money
from a bank?
Get outta here now!
Can I take my break?
I'm just down the street.
Yeah. I'm that way.
Ok. well thank you
for the drinks.
Sure. yeah. yeah.
Maybe we can do it
again sometime.
Surveillance optional.
[footsteps approaching]
[screams]
Ahhhh!
Hey.
Here you go.
Thank you.
Ok. well we have officers
searching the area
and we're gonna check all
the security camera footage
form nearby businesses.
Hopefully get something
from there.
Thanks.
Yeah.
Hey. did he hurt you?
Not as much as I hurt him.
I scratched his arm
pretty badly.
I can't understand. though. why
he didn't try to steal my purse
or anything.
What?
What if he wasn't after
your purse?
What if he was after you?
What?
You witnessed a murder
two days ago.
What if there's somebody
out there
who thinks that you can
identify him?
It was so dark in
the costume room.
How would anyone know it was me?
My pass.
My back stage pass.
I lost it that night and it has
a picture of me on it.
and my name...
what if I dropped it
in the costume room?
I'm gonna have someone
outside your house.
You'll be safe.
No. uh. no. You don't have
to do that.
Allie. come on.
Look. Sam. I appreciate
everything you're trying to do
but I don't need a police detail
and I certainly don't need
a bodyguard.
What I need is a very long
and very hot shower.
And to unpack.
I'm still unpacking
from the move.
Yeah. your uh. your new place.
it's um... I like it.
It's you.
Thank you.
Yeah.
If anything happens
I will call you.
Promise?
Yes. I promise.
Ok.
See you later.
Bye.
Lock your door!
Thank you!
[phone ringing]
Are you ok? I'm coming
right now!
Sam. I'm out of syrup.
And I figured. since you were
right outside.
you could ask my neighbour.
Mrs. Handler.
if I could borrow some.
Green house on the left.
Oh. and thank you.
Good morning.
[sighs]
[doorbell rings]
Come in!
Hey.
Hi.
She said that this doesn't make
you guys even.
Uh. she still owes you for some
portraits or something.
Sit down.
I shot her Christmas card
last year.
I let her pay me back
in gingerbread.
Huh.
What's... what's all this?
Breakfast.
I figured you hadn't eaten since
you sat in your car all night
instead of going home
like I asked.
Syrup.
Oh. no thank you.
I don't do syrup.
So are you planning on going
anywhere today?
Why?
Are you gonna call ahead
and see if there's any nearby
parking available?
I just think maybe you should
lay low for a while.
I have work.
Allie. someone tried to hurt you
last night.
Look. if anything happens
I have Noah to protect me.
Yeah. that's very comforting.
What do you want me to do?
Just stop my life because of
one crazy person?
Yeah.
No. I'm not gonna do that.
Ok. just be careful.
Please.
Yes. Ok. Detective.
- Hey.
- Good morning.
So. that was Sam.
Did you bring the supplies?
As a matter of fact. I did.
Supplies for what. exactly?
Ok. here is what we know.
Cassandra was murdered five
minutes before she was supposed
to take stage and everyone
on this board had access
to the costume room.
But do they have motives
for murder?
To be determined.
So. where do we start?
Sally Winestock.
Who's that? Does she play
the governess?
Uh. nope.
She's got a 9:15 appointment
for a passport photo.
Yes. I work here.
Ok. do me a favor.
Go through the board and pin
anyone you think may have wanted
to hurt Cassandra.
Also. they recorded the
auditions and rehearsals.
Can you call the stage manager
and get that footage?
Kenny Kwan?
Yes.
You got it.
Ok. here's everything
from the last three months.
Auditions. rehearsals. all of
my casting notes. everything.
Wow.
Very thorough.
Well. I know that the smallest
piece of evidence
can turn an investigation
on its head.
"How to Get Away with Murder"?
That's uh. that's research
for my play.
"Forensic Entomology".
a "Guide to Collecting Evidence".
"101 Crime Scenes".
that's a personal favorite.
Oh. Quite the collection.
Well. if you think that's bad
you should see my internet
search history.
[laughs]
Um. is there anything else I-
I can do?
Actually. uh. yeah.
Why don't you tell us
about Cassandra?
Was she well-liked?
Uh. yes. Very.
Any dust-ups with
the old cast and crew?
Well. there was one incident.
but I'm not sure it even
merits mentioning.
Maybe you let us be the judge
of that.
Yeah.
Well. shortly after
rehearsals started.
Cassandra approached me
about one of her cast mates.
Roger Giles.
She said he was making her...
uncomfortable.
Uncomfortable?
Uncomfortable how?
Uh. he would run into her
outside of rehearsals.
in her mind. far too frequently
to be coincidental.
So. what. he was following her?
Mm.
Was she afraid of him?
More concerned.
- Ok.
Did you ever do anything
about it?
Well. sure I spoke to him
but he swore it was innocent.
It didn't feel right to judge
him unfairly on so little.
Hmm.
Maybe I should have trusted
Cassandra's instincts.
Maybe you should have.
Roger Giles has a history
with Cassandra.
some kind of bad blood. and
his belt was the murder weapon.
Kevin Trudeau.
He was last seen with that
very belt before the show.
Allie: Then Neil Kahn.
Noah: The director?
Yeah. I saw him arguing
with his wife.
She seemed to think he was
hiding something from her.
He looks too mild mannered.
Looks can be deceiving.
He wears a bowtie.
He had a lot riding
on that play.
I mean. would he really ruin
his opening night?
Maybe not.
Well. these were taken a week
before the murder.
Not sure what you're
looking for.
Hmm.
Great.
Thanks. May.
Ok. Mike Tremont ordered
a dozen roses
to Cassandra's dressing room
the day I shot those photos.
Uh. who's Mike Tremont?
Her boyfriend?
Mmm. if his flowers
were in the trash
I'd put an "ex"
in front of that.
Found him.
Is there a home address?
No. but his social media profile
does say that he works
as a security guard.
[gasps]
Ooh. look where.
Yeah. no. I just checked.
He's worked here six months.
mostly day shifts.
So he's there now?
Is there any way you can get
me in there to talk to him?
Well. no can do.
Why not?
The police just escorted him
out of the building.
I wasn't at the theatre
that night.
I was working.
Can anyone confirm that?
The security company.
They'll have my schedule.
You normally work nights?
Times are tight.
I've been picking up
extra shifts.
What was your relationship
with Cassandra Griffin?
We don't have a relationship.
But you did. at some point.
We dated for a little while.
It wasn't serious.
But you bought her flowers.
It wasn't serious for her.
You seem angry about that.
When was the last time you spoke
with Miss Griffin?
About a week ago.
She stopped returning
my phone calls.
I thought maybe the flowers
would help.
They didn't.
You get in a fight?
No.
She just said her heart
wasn't in it anymore.
Wow.
Must have hurt.
Yeah. that must have hurt.
I'm over it.
It just wasn't meant to be.
Oh. hey. I want you guys
to watch something.
That is my laptop.
Yeah. Mine's at my apartment.
Yeah. but it's password
protected.
I guessed it.
It's the same as your phone.
Wait. you know my phone
password?!
What? We're all friends here.
Ok. what did you want
to show us?
I think I found our next lead.
Laura?
She was desperate to win
the lead role.
So were you.
I really think I could have
brought something to it.
But you said you were attacked
by a guy.
Uh. she could have
hired someone.
With her tips from the bakery?
She constantly complained
about working at the bakery
and how the play could be
her ticket out.
Honestly. it just seems
like a stretch.
Ok. but watch this.
Neil: Tell me why you are
perfect for this role.
When I read the play
it truly spoke to me.
I have never related
to a character more.
I would kill for this role.
It's a figure of speech.
Ok. well where were you
when Cassandra died?
Where were you?
Oh. that's right. with the body.
Touché.
Look. I'm sorry she's dead.
I am.
But I had nothing to do with it.
Looks like we're not
the only ones on to you.
The bakery was broken into
last week
and they're still investigating.
You need to leave.
You're gonna get me fired.
Ok. just one last question.
Did you ever meet someone
named Mike Tremont?
Who?
Cassandra's boyfriend?
We think.
No.
And I'm not surprised she didn't
bring him around rehearsals.
Why?
You didn't hear the rumours?
She was sneaking around
with somebody from the play.
Bye.
Thank you.
Dispatch: ...68 Maplewood.
Repeat. all cars 1037
in progress. 68 Maplewood.
Copy that. Car 54 on my way.
Where are you?
Hey!
Looks like your ride
couldn't make it.
I'd be happy to give you a lift.
Seriously.
Come on.
Pick up. pick up. pick up.
Where are you?
Let's go.
[panting]
Hey. bud.
I could do this all day.
Woah!
I don't really want to.
Come on.
Jim ate like 14 hot dogs.
I've never seen anything
like it.
It's crazy.
Oh. I'll catch you later.
He hit Carl Winter's house.
The baker?
Mmmhmm.
First his business.
then his home.
Sounds personal.
We get a name yet?
Still not talking.
He's covering for someone.
The driver?
Or whoever sprung for that
six-figure defence lawyer.
Hmm.
Thank you.
I hope you guys love them.
Bye.
Oh. hi Megan.
Hi.
You guys are investigating
Cassandra's murder. right?
Oh. I-I wouldn't say
"investigating"...
Yes.
Well. I was boxing up Cass's
things to send to her parents
like they asked me
and I found something.
What kind of something?
Her day planner.
Cassandra was the type of person
who would bullet point
what she had for lunch.
Super organized.
Uh. do you have it?
I gave it to the police.
Oh.
After I made a copy.
Hot yoga.
Oh. I've been meaning
to try that.
Does she say what studio?
You know. I keep seeing the
letters KT on here once a week.
Does anybody know
what that stands for?
Keratin treatment?
Kevin Trudeau.
Cassandra was involved
with a cast member.
maybe it was him.
And it says she was supposed
to meet him today.
There's an address.
Would he still show up?
There's only one way
to find out.
George Wilbur.
B and E. petty theft.
drunk and disorderly.
- Busy guy.
- Yeah.
Address?
Unknown.
How about an employer?
Well. he was a dishwasher at
the Ace of Clubs for six months.
I guess he found a more
lucrative career.
Yeah.
Any leads on his accomplice?
Nothing.
Oh.
Hey. did you say Ace of Clubs?
Yeah. you been there?
Tuesdays are two for one.
pretty good pretzel. too.
I could go for some pretzels.
And root-beer.
I love root-beer.
George Wilbur?
Doesn't ring a bell.
Well. he used to work
in the kitchen.
Well. I've only been here
a year.
He quit six months ago.
Oh.
I remember now.
George.
Quiet guy.
You two interact much?
No.
Ever socialize outside of work?
I don't think so.
When was the last time
you saw George?
I couldn't tell ya.
Couldn't tell us.
- Pretzel?
- Yeah.
Yeah. they're good.
You sure this is it?
We're at the right address.
What is this place?
Only one way to find out.
So we're just gonna
walk in there?
Yeah. Why not?
'Cause we're trespassing
and it might be dangerous.
Well. it might not be.
I think it's about time
I negotiate a raise.
[children playing]
Hey. kids. I'm Prince Fun-A-Lot.
Now. who's ready for
a very happy birthday?
[children cheer]
So you and Cassandra are...
were uh...
Birthday party entertainers.
Yes.
I was hoping to keep
this private.
It's a way to make ends meet.
But Cassandra found out
about it.
She did.
I thought she was gonna
tell everyone in the cast
but she asked for me
to get her work. too.
Did she say why she needed
extra money?
We're actors.
Everyone has a side gig.
Were you and Cassandra
ever romantically involved?
No.
I mean. I tried.
I got the impression
she was seeing someone.
Uncle Luis has you
dead to rights.
You guys are back to
a correspondence game?
I thought he had enough
of the island life.
Well. you know. he's uh
visiting my mom for a few weeks.
Well. if I were you
I'd offer a draw.
Did you come here
for a chess lesson?
Oh. I think we both know
why I'm here.
Yeah. I have my suspicions.
Does the name Tony Mac
mean anything to you?
[laughs]
That's a "yes".
I didn't say anything.
You didn't have to.
I saw Neil at the Ace of Clubs
the other night
and it looked like he was
in a fight with Tony.
Tell me. Allie. what were you
doing at a pool hall?
I was working on my nine ball.
Really?
Ok. Detective. answer me this.
What kind of business does
a mild-mannered playwright
have with a loan shark?
I can think of one.
Funny business.
What do you think
of this colour?
I wanna change things up
around here.
It's called "Citrus Punch".
Sam.
I will look into it.
Ok?
It's a little bright.
Yeah.
The lady at the hardware
store said
it would really make
a statement.
Yeah. Yeah. it does do that.
Look. when I look at you
I don't see Day-Glo.
Ok. What do you see
when you look at me?
B-15.
True Blue.
I don't hate it.
Look. I said I'm not interested
in pursuing it.
I don't understand.
He returned the goods.
That's all I cared about.
Yes. but it's very likely
that these are the same two men
that robbed your bakery.
Detective. I appreciate
the help.
but I'd rather just leave this
whole unpleasantness behind me.
Thank you.
So he's not pressing charges?
Nope.
Get this. $500 stolen
from the bakery.
$2.000 in damages
and another $2.000 worth of
jewelry stolen from the home.
But that was recovered.
Yes. but they broke a TV
and they destroyed artwork.
So they're careless.
Or they're sending a message.
I need you to tell the police
I didn't do it.
I didn't tell
the police anything.
You told them something.
They've talked to me
twice already.
They have a car parked
outside the pub.
they don't think I know this
but I do.
Thank you.
Hey! I'm gonna lose my job!
You're hurting me.
This isn't over.
Hi.
Ok. let me get this straight.
Roger Giles threatened you?
Well. I don't know if it was
a threat.
He was just really angry.
Um. maybe I'm just making
a bigger deal out of it...
No. no. no.
I'm-I'm glad that
you're telling me.
You know. you should probably
consider staying with someone.
Just until things cool down.
Oh. yeah. I already talked
to Maya.
Yeah. Yeah. yeah. yeah.
That's-that's good. Maya.
That's good.
Oh man. I am-I am so sorry.
No. don't worry. it's... hey.
You took my suggestion.
Yeah. uh...
True Blue.
Good. It suits you.
I'm gonna repaint the living
room this weekend.
Oh.
So you won't be doing another
stakeout at my front door.
Detective Acosta.
Well. Miss Adams.
I was told that someone
was more than capable of
taking care of herself.
Wow. So you do listen.
Oh yeah.
That's good. because
I'm out of pancake mix.
Detective Acosta.
Tony Mac.
Welcome to our
little establishment.
What can I get for you?
You look like whiskey man. neat.
No. thank you. I'm fine.
I'm actually looking for
one of your employees.
Roger Giles.
I'm afraid Mr. Giles
no longer works here.
When did he quit?
He didn't quit.
I had to let him go.
Sad to see it happen.
very loyal.
but uh. I couldn't ignore
the noise around him.
You understand.
Huh.
I appreciate your time.
Any time.
You a billiard man. Detective?
Yeah. I play a little.
This a sign-up sheet?
It is. Tables go fast
around here.
Hey.
Oh. hi.
So since you helped me out
at the bar
I thought I would return the favor.
Ok. I'm listening.
I just spoke to the critic
at The Times.
it turns out he received
a dozen emails
begging him to attend the show.
So I got him to forward them
to me.
Laura Duphrain.
Now why would an understudy
insist a critic
come see her performance?
Unless she knew she would
go on that night.
What can I get for you...
today?
The truth.
Oh. and a cinnamon bun.
Please.
I didn't invite that newspaper
critic there to see me.
I wanted him to see her.
Cassandra. why?
Because she was terrible.
I thought if she got
a poor review
Neil would have to re-cast
the role.
If she was so terrible then
how did she get the lead?
Isn't it obvious?
Neil was in love with her.
Cassandra was sneaking around
with Neil?
He's married.
Hence the sneaking.
An affair. That's a pretty
serious charge.
You just accused me of murder.
That was more of
a trial balloon.
Look. everyone knows I should
have been cast in the lead.
There's no other explanation.
Enjoy your bun.
[knocking]
You know. I'm so sorry
to stop by like this
but they're my favorite pair.
Oh. I haven't seen any earrings.
are you sure you lost them here?
Uh. this is the last place
I remember wearing them.
Well. feel free to have
a look around.
Thank you.
Oh. Neil proposed to you
on stage?
Yes. Neil has always had
a flair for the dramatic.
Well. I guess it worked.
Well. it hasn't always
been easy.
My friends thought he could be
a bit um. mercurial.
I think that's the word.
And then there was
the dry spell.
He couldn't get anyone to return
his calls for years.
But you stood by him.
Yes. of course.
I worked two jobs to keep us
afloat while he wrote.
It was hard. but
it was worth it.
You know. I'm not finding
anything here.
do you mind if I check
the restroom?
Not at all. Please.
Thanks.
[clears throat]
Need a hand?
- Hi.
What're you doing here?
I had a few follow-up questions
for Ms. Kahn.
but she seems very distracted.
Says she's helping a friend
locate a lost item.
An earring. is it?
You know me. if my head
wasn't attached...
Right.
The thing is. I do know you.
What's your angle?
No angle.
I'm just looking for an item
that I misplaced.
In his desk?
Mmmhmm.
Uh-huh.
Fine. You caught me.
I heard a rumour among the cast
that Neil and Cassandra
were involved so I figured
I would come check it out.
You know. see if there was a
photograph or a love letter.
or something he kept
tucked away.
Hmm.
But you're here now so I will
defer to you. Detective.
Well. thank you.
Allie?
What?
Aren't you forgetting something?
I'm guessing front pocket.
No.
It's actually the back pocket.
Hmm.
I found it.
Oh. I am so glad.
So am I.
Cassandra and Neil?
[laughs]
No way.
No.
I heard the rumours
and so did Cassandra.
We laughed at them.
You sure she didn't keep
anything from you?
I mean. he was married.
No. Let me show you the texts.
Oh. You and Cassandra
were pretty close.
Yeah. she was my best friend.
We shared everything.
Clothes. shoes...
Passwords?
Try "Pepper". her family dog.
Nope.
Maybe her birthday?
11. 13. 90.
Nope.
Oh! She let me the login
to her online streaming
account once
and the password was "password".
Oh. Bingo.
West and Broad Street.
Isn't that the museum?
No. that's The Gazette.
Sam. we got Roger Giles.
Alright.
I just wanted to scare her.
Scare her? Why?
She told everyone I was a creep.
She tried to have me kicked out
of the play.
After that no one
would even talk to me.
So after the murder you went
back for the note?
Yeah.
And that's when I found you
in the hallway.
I knew it would look bad.
I- I just didn't want anyone
to find it
and think that I had something
to do with her death.
Ok.
The south side of the lot?
Yeah. can't narrow it down
more than that.
I'm not seeing anything.
Oh. oh. wait!
I found it!
Um. call it.
[phone ringing]
[gasps]
Detective Acosta?
You call in the trespassing?
I caught this one skulking
around the parking lot.
Good evening. Detective.
Good evening. Miss Adams.
What're you doing here. Miss Adams?
Really. it's just one
big misunderstanding.
Oh.
I can't wait to hear it.
Great. Well. um... you see.
the thing is. uh...
She was meeting me.
She never said anything
about that.
Uh. yeah. that's 'cause
we're working on a story.
Deep cover.
Uh. you know.
So I asked her not
to say anything.
You know we've been dealing
with theft in the building.
Does she really look
like someone
who would steal paper
and ink cartridges?
Honestly. Detective. she has
permission to be here.
I guess that settles it.
Ok. well uh. Allie. let's go.
Where?
Oh. yes. The story.
Goodbye.
Thank you for that.
No problem.
I bet you're wondering
why I'm in the parking lot
of The Gazette.
Oh. I can't wait to hear this.
[knocking]
Hello.
That was a quick interview.
I talk fast.
Hmm.
Question completely unrelated.
Of course.
What would one need in order
to get a search warrant
for someone's vehicle?
Probable cause.
Oh. Like this?
A picture of a phone.
No. not just any phone.
Cassandra's phone.
I didn't take her phone.
I swear.
She must have left it behind.
Ok. but you told us you hadn't
spoken to Cassandra
for about a week.
How did her phone end up
in your car?
You know what?
Let's just try this again.
When was the last time
that you saw Cassandra Griffin?
The night before she died.
Under what circumstances?
I- I stopped by the theatre
after her rehearsal.
I just wanted to talk.
I- I convinced her
to take a ride.
And then what happened?
I asked her for another chance.
She said she wasn't interested.
And then I dropped her back off.
I swear.
You lied.
Only because I knew how
it would look.
And how would it look?
Like I did something
to Cassandra.
but I would never hurt her!
I swear!
Ok. Ok.
Alright.
Then I guess you have nothing
to worry about.
And our officers who are currently
searching your apartment.
they'll be able to back up
all these claims?
My apartment?
- Mmmhmm.
He give you anything
on the Griffin girl?
No. he swears he
wasn't involved.
Why. you got something?
You could say that.
Interesting. But not
incriminating.
How about this?
Trick or treat.
Huh. Now that's more convincing.
Mr. Winter.
Is this a good time?
I think you and I should have
a chat.
Carl Winter's bakery got
into some financial trouble
so they reached out to a loan
shark for help.
Tony Mac.
Mike was moonlighting for Mac.
When Winter came up short
in his monthly payment...
He sent Mike to collect.
Could Cassandra have found out?
If she did. he might have gone
to great lengths
to make sure she never told.
Hmm.
Mike. the ex with Cassandra's
missing phone.
He's at the top of my list.
See. mine is still Roger.
Cassandra was killed
with his belt
and he thinks you can ID him.
Well. let's not forget Laura.
She had reason to want Cassandra
out of the way.
Uh. guys?
The main character in the play
got strangled
by the man she was having
an affair with.
Maya! Why didn't you
say anything?
Well. I didn't know.
How could you not know?
Uh. I only read the scenes
I'm in.
Alright. guys.
Thanks for coming in.
I really appreciate it.
Who was that?
They heard about the murder
on the news.
They think they saw
the person who slashed her
tires that night.
Came in to give a description.
Huh.
What do you think?
I didn't slash
Cassandra's tires.
Well. as her understudy.
if she doesn't turn up
then you're the star
of the show. right?
You know. we had a witness
describe someone that sounded
like you.
Blonde hair. about 5'6".
It could have been anyone.
Come on.
I'm sorry. Miss Duphrain.
but not one of your
better performances.
Well. everyone's a critic.
Hey.
We're working up a line up
for Tremont.
I don't know if he's our guy.
I mean. how would Mike Tremont
get in and out of the theatre
without being seen?
There's an exit in the costume
room to the street.
Stage manager. um...
Kenny Kwan.
Yes. Kenny Kwan said that
the wind kept blowing it open
so they chained it shut.
Only one way in. one way out.
That's a fire code violation.
Let's solve the murder first
and worry about writing them
a ticket later.
Alright.
You know. I feel like
we're missing something.
Yeah.
Hmm.
Ooh. where are you off to?
I'm going to Sara's house.
I promised I'd drop off
my costume.
Wanna tag along?
I can't.
I'm meeting Sam at the theatre
to do a walk-through
of the crime scene.
Again?
Yeah. He thinks it'll help.
Huh.
Ok.
See ya.
Oh.
Neil.
Allie.
What're you doing here?
The police finally gave the ok
for me to collect all of
the set pieces yesterday.
I have to admit.
I've been putting it off.
It was two years of my life.
Well. do you want me to give you
a hand?
Oh. please!
That would be wonderful.
Of course.
You know. I'm sorry you
didn't get to stage your play.
I watched some of the rehearsals
and it's very good.
Oh. that's very kind of you
to say.
May I ask where you draw
your inspiration from?
Where all writers get it.
From life.
You witnessed a murder
in a parlour?
It's a metaphor.
You know. Laura was really upset
when she didn't get
that lead role.
I was wondering what made you
choose Cassandra.
Ah. I see.
You've heard the rumours.
No. No.
What rumours?
I know that casting Cassandra
was an unconventional choice.
and certainly there were
stronger actresses.
but she had an innocence.
It fit the role.
I love my wife very much. Allie.
I promise you.
Ok.
Uh. where do you want
these props?
Oh. we'll just sit the box
over here for the time...
I was moving a set piece
and it got away from me.
Mmmhmm.
I can be clumsy like that.
You know. I forgot that I have
a lunch with Maya.
um. that I have to get to.
Oh?
Yeah. and I'm-I'm running late.
[struggling]
You're not going to meet Maya.
are you?
Because Maya is at my house
with my wife.
Why did you kill Cassandra?
I know you did it
because I'm the one who gave you
those scratches!
How could you betray your wife
like that
after everything she sacrificed
for you?
I love my wife!
She is my whole world
and I would do anything
to protect her.
Do you understand?
Anything!
Like cover up a murder?
[yelps]
♪ ♪
Hey. It's Maya.
If you're calling to give me
money or a part.
please leave a message.
Here we are.
Oh. thanks.
Of course.
So do you think you're gonna
try to stage the play again?
Oh. I don't know.
That's-that's Neil's choice.
It's up to him.
Whatever he decides.
And I will be right at his side.
I... I'm sorry. I forgot
the sugar.
[message alert]
I wasn't sure if you use sugar
or sweetener... you're leaving?
Um. yes.
Yeah. I um...
Is something wrong?
I'm sorry. I've... forgotten.
I'm late for an appointment.
It-it-it isn't true.
Of course not.
I have to find Neil.
Neil: Allie?
Are you in here?
I just want to talk with you.
It's not what you think.
Neil: You don't understand.
Unless you really truly
have loved someone
you don't know what it's like.
You see them in trouble
and they're afraid
and all you wanna do is help.
[pin clatters]
[phone ringing]
[grunts]
Neil: Allie?
Allie?
[gasps]
Ok. Allie.
I've had enough of the cat
and mouse.
Show's over. Mr. Kahn.
Come on. go.
Allie!
Allie. come on out!
Sam?
Ms. Kahn.
Sara. what're you doing?
I told you I had all
of this under control.
You told me all kinds of
things. Neil.
And. as usual. I had to take
care of it myself.
Just like you took care
of Cassandra?
Wait. she did it?
There were rumours
about Cassandra and Neil
having an affair.
They were more than
just rumours.
Sara...
Allie!
The night of the show
you confronted her.
She denied it.
She denied everything.
But I know she was lying.
So when you found yourself alone
in the costume room with her
you grabbed a belt
and you strangled her.
Stay back.
Allie. stay back!
When you realized
that I had been there
you came clean to Neil.
hoping he could help you with
the only possible witness.
Me.
I saw the way you looked at her.
How could I compete with that?
I wasn't gonna lose you.
I was never gonna lose you
to her.
Get him outta here.
- Are you crazy?
- What?
Give me the gun.
But Sam. Sam. Sam!
It's a prop gun
from Neil's house.
Oh.
Thank you.
[elevator ding]
Anyway. it took about 20 minutes
and she confessed to everything.
There you are.
Police dogs found this
behind their house.
It was buried with this.
Hot off the presses.
What-what're you looking for?
My quote.
Yeah. I had to leave that out.
What? It was a good quote!
I had a word limit.
But the important thing is. is
that you saved the day. again.
I had help.
Well. we can celebrate.
How about dinner?
Um. I'm actually busy tonight.
Big plans?
Yeah.
Something like that.
[knocking]
♪ ♪
♪ You're nobody 'til somebody loves you ♪
♪ You're nobody 'til somebody cares. ♪
♪ ♪
♪ You're nobody 'til somebody loves you ♪
♪ So find yourself somebody ♪
♪ Find yourself somebody ♪
♪ Find yourself somebody to love ♪